Add Tailchat to Communication - Custom Communication Systems (#3878)
awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted: README.md

- [StoneAge Messenger](https://cweb.gitlab.io/StoneAge.html) - A self-hosted Android messenger, S3-compatible storage is the only backend needed. ([Source Code](https://gitlab.com/cweb-repos/cweb-conversations), [Clients](https://f-droid.org/en/packages/com.cweb.messenger/)) `GPL-3.0` `Java`
- [Synapse](https://matrix.org/docs/projects/server/synapse) - Server for [Matrix](https://matrix.org/), an open standard for decentralized persistent communication. ([Source Code](https://github.com/matrix-org/synapse)) `Apache-2.0` `Python`
- [Syndie](https://syndie.de) - Syndie is a libre system for operating distributed forums. `CC0-1.0` `Java`

> - [Tailchat](https://tailchat.msgbyte.com/) - Next generation noIM application in your own workspace, not only another Slack/Discord/Rocke.Chat. `Apache-2.0` `Nodejs`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Tailchat](https://tailchat.msgbyte.com/) - Next generation noIM application in your own workspace, not only another Slack/Discord/Rocke.Chat. ([Demo](https://nightly.paw.msgbyte.com/), [Source Code](https://github.com/msgbyte/tailchat)) `Apache-2.0` `Docker`
```

Reviewer 2: Typo rocke.chat instead of rocket.chat
